feat(parsers.avro): Support multiple modes for union handling (#13945)
influxdata/telegraf: plugins/parsers/avro/README.md

  ## If this were set to "_", then it would be a_0="a", a_1="b".
  # avro_field_separator = "_"

>   ## Used to determine what to do with Avro unions with multiple
>   ## allowable types.  If empty, the default is "flatten".  When "flatten" is
>   ## set, then if you have an Avro union type of '[ "int", "float" ]'
>   ## for field "a", and you have avro_field_separator set to "_", then
>   ## measurements of "a" will go into Telegraf fields "a_int" and
>   ## "a_float" depending on their type.  This keeps InfluxDB happy with
>   ## your data (see below).
>   ## One common use of Avro union types is to mark fields as optional
>   ## by specifying '[ "null", "<type>" ]' as the union type.  If this is
>   ## set to "nullable", the plugin will not change the field name by adding
>   ## the type, but will silently discard fields whose values are null.
>   ## However, the measurement will still contain any other fields.
>   ## The last possible value is "any".  With this value, the plugin will
>   ## not change the field name and will just put in whatever value it
>   ## receives.
>   ## WARNING: if you use "nullable" with more than one non-null type, or
>   ## if you use "any", and Telegraf is feeding InfluxDB, InfluxDB will
>   ## associate that field with the first type it sees for a given
>   ## its value.  If it receives another measurement with a different
>   ## type in that field, it will discard that entire measurement.  Be
>   ## sure you know what you're doing if you use the "any" type, or
>   ## "nullable" with more than one non-null type.
>   # avro_union_mode = "flatten"

Reviewer: Please move the explanation out of the config into a readme markdown section. I would shorten this to
```suggestion
  ## Define handling of union types. Possible values are:
  ##   flatten  -- add type suffix to field name (default)
  ##   nullable -- do not modify field name but discard "null" field values
  ##   any      -- do not modify field name and set field value to the received type
  # avro_union_mode = "flatten"
```
